THE QUEENS LG: Hey,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi how are ya.
Better
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
THE QUEENS LG: Yeah, I had surgery.
THE QUEENS LG: Two days ago, I guess.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, no.
THE QUEENS LG: Yeah, I had a cute appendicitis.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh god.
Yeah.
THE QUEENS LG: It didn't feel very good. But I feel better today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, good.
THE QUEENS LG: Why I can live in the hospital and kind of late last night, but
THE QUEENS LG: So, and, but I said I did remember the number to call my other meeting.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You did.
THE QUEENS LG: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good.
THE QUEENS LG: Good girls forgotten this one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay. That's all right, totally understandable. I won't keep you for very long.
THE QUEENS LG: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, I just wanted to check up on yeah obviously you've had a pretty crazy week
Oh,
THE QUEENS LG: I know it was bad night. Me and my better. She just like God have to drop off and I mean I was in so much pain. We both thought I was at constipated. That's kind of embarrassing but
THE QUEENS LG: You guys what we thought was wrong, you know, and so she leaves the outside. I could add more strength, open the door.
THE QUEENS LG: And that's I'm screaming
THE QUEENS LG: Man within an hour. I was in surgery.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
THE QUEENS LG: Yeah, it was leaking, but it hasn't ruptured so
THE QUEENS LG: Thank god yeah scuba Academy
THE QUEENS LG: constipated. You can say this
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh wow, that's so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Cool that you got there really fast, you know,
THE QUEENS LG: Yeah, the beginning and
THE QUEENS LG: They gave to me while I was in the hospital for the days I was in there. And I think I went out on Monday and came back yesterday and I started my subscription back again today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Okay. And how are you on your medication you're okay with it.
THE QUEENS LG: And yeah, and I think I have enough to last mature Wednesday, so I should be good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right. So you're going to take it easy. This week and relax and he'll
THE QUEENS LG: Yeah, they said for three weeks just to stay off my feet with as much as I can.
THE QUEENS LG: Yeah, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're going to listen to them.
Probably
THE QUEENS LG: Loosen
THE QUEENS LG: Childbirth myths that I would
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you had problems with your appendix in the past.
THE QUEENS LG: Apparently I never, you know, I've been having like this really weird backache and for like over a year.
THE QUEENS LG: And like really sharp pains done and my brother, but I have a sister sell an erector set when I had my hysterectomy.
THE QUEENS LG: Well, I always thought that that's what it was. And that was in 2000, you know, and so I don't know. They said it was pretty bad. The reason it didn't actually is because I had a piece of it was protected by a fatty tissue that went around it. I don't know. That was a bit
THE QUEENS LG: Of a really long time to talk to the doctor and get his name is his name is Dr.
THE QUEENS LG: Okay.
THE QUEENS LG: I just need to be
THE QUEENS LG: Just remember
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is funny. Oh my gosh.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And other than
THE QUEENS LG: Other than big medical stuff. Anything else happening here. Okay.
THE QUEENS LG: Yeah, everything's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I'm going to keep you on my schedule for weekly at this time on Thursdays. Okay.
THE QUEENS LG: Okay, that sounds good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay and I'm going to let you go. So you can get some rest. And thank you for letting me know and get better and I will see you next
THE QUEENS LG: Week. Okay, thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Stay off those feet.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay baby back